1. A - Company Name - FriendZoned







1. B - Long-Term Vision Statement 

what are the goals?

The goals of our company are quite simple. We simply want to be the BEST platform that brings people worldwide closer. We're committed to fostering a safe and supportive community for everyone. Growing up in the age of social media sharing, today's young people are filtering, faceting, and feeling immense pressure to portray picture-perfect lives. Our social media platform is attempting to change all of that and promote and push for more kindness, and real connections between individuals.      

where did your idea come from ( a class, a job, a need)?

The idea of creating a social media company came from us surveying the current landscape of social media companies. We believe it is a NEED to stray away from the currently structured social media platforms and move to a better one. One that values real connectivity and a safe environment.       

what are the purpose, values, and mission? List 2 or 3 key questions that will guide the startup's choices. These should be essential questions that serve as touchstones to direct your company's efforts. For instance, how can the startup have an impact? What engages our passions?

Purpose - The purpose of our company is to be the leading company in the future of social media.    
Values - Our core values include the following, Transparency, Honesty, Passion, and Constant learning.  
Mission - Our mission is to connect the world.

Key Questions 

How do we make social media BETTER for society? 
How to create a safe and positive environment on the internet?  
 
1. C - External opportunities that exist 
Comarketing: The FriendZoned and Mantra Band partnership is where Friendzoned users are eligible after 6 months of friendship on the platform and can apply for the “6-month milestone Band”. A custom bracelet that has an engraving of the first date of friendship. After a year of being friends, they are then eligible for the “12-month milestone Band”.  The friendship bracelets made by Mantra Band are available to qualifying FriendZoned users.
Link to Mantra Band: 
https://www.mantraband.com/?gclid=CjwKCAjw-rOaBhA9EiwAUkLV4iGFmf7jYji9vr_xDYg6acXPoAc0Z-184bcK_s10GB3FJ7GdYMmBLxoCIG4QAvD_BwE

Funding opportunities: The funding for our company would come from the venture capital First Round Capital. They are a seed-stage venture that specializes in assisting the development of companies led by technology entrepreneurs. They invested in big-name companies such as Uber and Blue Apron in their earliest stages before they reached the popularity they have today. They would be interested in investing in FriendZoned because they look for entrepreneurs that understand the need or market that no one else does. In addition to that, they look for companies with a small group of passionate early customers. Both of which our company possesses. We understand that online dating platforms such as Tinder and Bumble have their place though we believe they have dominated the young-adult market in more negative ways than one. First Round Capital would recognize our potential as they focus on consumer-based products such as social networking 
Link to VC: First Round
https://firstround.com/

Co-Development possibilities: We would work with the same company that we worked with to create our friendship milestone bracelets, Mantra Band, in order to create a line of FriendZoned Mantra Band bracelets that they sell on their website. Which would reach out to their market of consumers bringing more exposure to our platform. 
Link to Mantra Band: 
https://www.mantraband.com/?gclid=CjwKCAjw-rOaBhA9EiwAUkLV4iGFmf7jYji9vr_xDYg6acXPoAc0Z-184bcK_s10GB3FJ7GdYMmBLxoCIG4QAvD_BwE


Special conferences/trade meetings to present the product: The product we designed could be pitched at ProductWorld that takes place in Oakland right here in the Bay Area on February 2nd-9th, 2022. Being the world’s largest product management and development trade show/conference it would be the ideal place to present our idea. We would also get insight and knowledge from speakers that hold positions at Silicon Valley’s top tech companies.
Link to Product World conference:
https://productworld.co/

Giveaways, hackathons, promotional deals: We could hold raffles for a chance at winning  a free month of FriendZoned+ at demonstrations that are available to the existing users as well. Advertisements from different companies would be displayed on the platform in order to help other businesses grow and bring in a steady stream of ad revenue for us. It would allow those companies to set a budget for advertising that works for them, similar to other social media platforms. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1E. Strategy: for the next 3 to 5 years. In addition, please share at least one case study of the closest potential competitor and what you learned from it in terms of maximizing the startup's potential for the future.
There is a Youtube case study done by Dan Cucolea of Chillital named Youtube Case Study – Scaling From 2k Views per Year to 2.4k per Day, in One Month that In order to increase views and reach, we started by watching rival YouTube channels. In comparison to major niches, the one we were focusing on was really tiny. Nevertheless, we were up against stations that had millions of viewers and more than 200k subscribers.

We began by taking a quick look at the tags they employ, the organization of their video descriptions, and the keywords they rank for. When utilized effectively, Youtube is a force multiplier for building brand recognition. We've done more than just publish and optimize movies; we've also made use of the community postings function.
Since the majority of our audience watches the films on their phones, this capability is only available in the mobile app, which has turned out to be a gold mine.
This method, however, performed better later on since only subscribers may see these posts.
Dan Cucolea. 2021. YouTube case study - from 10 to 2.4K views per day. (November 2021). Retrieved October 19, 2022 from https://chillital.com/youtube-case-study/ 





Here is what we can do using the OKR method to determine our direction to benefit the company in the next 3-5 years.
OBJECTIVE: Increase Brand Awareness
Key Results:
Have 30 media calls/meetings by end of Q1
Have 15 calls/meetings with key industry influencers
Secure 2 speaking spots at the Annual Industry conference
Take advantage of trends and contribute to a community to help boost notice for our company.
OBJECTIVE: Build Strong Relationships with Forrester and Gartner
Key Results:
Do 2 analyst briefings in Q1
Submit analyst report applications
Feature 2 analysts on our webinars
Do 2 analyst calls - provide the new product update
We can be noticed by using our unique friend system, the “6 month” friendship system to help our customers ease into our ecosystem. It is very different as it has a ‘wait time’ as opposed to other competitors that are instant and local. This encourages getting to know people you would not typically.




1F. Slogan: Befriend The World
Our main goal is for our social networking service to be used internationally with simplicity 
Create friendships with people across the world, access to a variety of cultures












2A: 
Core Values:
	Our core values at FriendZoned is to establish connections, which are necessary for any enduring and enduring connections. We encourage you to interact with other groups and demonstrate genuine interest in their ideas and viewpoints. We urge you to reply to remarks on your posts, including inquiries in your captions, and even run giveaways or competitions. The guiding principles of our business create teams of workers that are content, inspired, engaged, and driven to provide their best work. Employees produce greater results and provide better customer service when they have confidence in both themselves and the business.

We take our principles very seriously and list them out in a way that is easy to understand.
1. Grow our business in a way that makes us proud.
2. Recognize that passion and personality matter.
3. Communicate fearlessly to build trust.
4. Defend and respect the user’s voice.
5. Reach every person on the planet.
6. Innovate through experimentation.
7. Seek diverse perspectives.
8. Be rigorous. Get it right.
9. Simplify.

	We at FriendZoned want our company to be remembered as a positive and safe place, and to be just as memorable as the connections we know you are going to make using our services. We provide a unique “6-month” concept in order to really have our users take the time to get to know one another. 










2B. Motivation:  SS
Love: We love hard-working and passionate people that like doing their job on a daily basis. With this, we can offer recognition for those who exceeded our expectations or improved their skills. Also, recognizing those who work hard offers fairness inside the workspace and community. Developing trust within each other in management is another important factor since it offers comfort for everyone.

Fear - What we fear is the lack of communication, favoritism, and negative attitude. There are plenty of ways to ruin a healthy culture, but these are key factors of problems and threats against the company's culture which lead to an uncomfortable working environment.








2.C - summary in 6 words or less the company's culture

C. Summary: summary in 6 words or less the company's culture

Friendzoned’s Cultural Summary:
Transparent
Progressive
Innovative
Inclusive
Collaborative
Passionate





















Item 3:
Build Trust and Credibility
Our company's success is reliant on the respect and confidence we get from our team members, clients, and stockholders. We establish trust by keeping our word, acting with honesty and integrity, and achieving business objectives only by moral behavior. It is simple to state what has to be done, but our deeds speak for themselves. We shall ultimately be assessed based on our actions.
The question "Will this increase confidence and credibility for FriendZoned?" should be asked before taking any action. Will it contribute to the development of an atmosphere conducive to Friendzoned's long-term success? Is the commitment I'm making one that I can keep? Answering "yes" to those questions and making a daily effort to increase our reputation are the only ways we can maximize our trust and credibility.
Respect for the Individual
Everyone deserves to work in a setting that values them and treats them with respect. Because it brings out the best in each of us and immediately helps to the success of our business, FriendZoned is dedicated to fostering such an atmosphere. We cannot allow anyone's abilities to be wasted. FriendZoned is dedicated to providing a workplace free from all forms of discrimination as well as from abusive, rude, or harassing conduct. We are an equal opportunity/affirmative action company. Any employee who experiences harassment or discrimination should let their management or human resources know about it.



Additionally, all FriendZoned staff members are required to uphold the following standards of behavior in order to promote an inclusive workplace:

Always be kind and considerate to others.
Behave improperly and report any remarks or conduct that is offensive, harassing, abusive, or discriminating.
Encourage involvement and collaboration among employees while promoting the representation of various employee viewpoints.
Ask staff members with various backgrounds, experiences, and viewpoints for their opinions.
Avoid using idioms or lingo that might not be culturally appropriate.
Encourage flexible work schedules for coworkers with varying needs, skills, or responsibilities.
Confront other people's biased actions or decisions, whether they are aware or not.
Be receptive to suggestions and pay attention when someone has anything positive to say about how you came across.

Create a Culture of Open and Honest Communication
Everyone should feel free to express themselves at FriendZoned, especially when discussing ethical issues. It is the job of managers to foster an atmosphere where employees feel free to bring up these issues in an open and encouraging setting. When workers use their ability to stop mistakes or misconduct by asking the correct questions at the right moments, we all gain greatly.

All reported instances of dubious or unethical activity will be looked upon by FriendZoned. When unethical activity is discovered, the firm will always take the necessary action. Retaliation against workers who in good faith voice sincere ethics concerns will not be tolerated.

3 Board: 
 
Chris Cox
Chris Cox is a chief product officer and earned a bachelor's degree in symbolic systems from Stanford University. Chris started off as a software engineer in 2005 and helped build the first versions of Facebook features, News Feed being one of them. He then became director of human resources, which sets the tone for the company's culture. He then became vice president of product, building the initial product management and design teams, right before being promoted to chief product officer. Chris spends time researching and pursuing new projects on climate. 
Reason: Chris has plenty of experience not only as a software engineer who knows how to come up with key features of an app/site, but knows how to set the tone for a company's culture, which could be greatly beneficial for everybody in the company and for our consumers as well.
Sheryl Sandberg
	Sheryl Sandberg is a chief operating officer and one of the current board of directors for Meta. Sheryl was the vice president of Global Online Sales and Operations at Google, chief of staff for the U.S. Treasury Department under President Clinton. She also was a management consultant with McKinsey & Company, and Economist with the World Bank. She received a BA summa cum laude from Harvard University, and an MBA(Master of Business Administration) from Harvard Business School. In addition, she serves the board for Woman for Woman International, ONE, and SurveyMonkey.
Reason: Sheryl is an expert when it comes to finances and business decisions, she would serve ultimately well for our company's board. Additionally, adding her to our board can make it look diverse.
Ben Schwerin
	Ben Schwerin has been a Senior Vice President of Content and Partnerships for Snapchat since January 2021. Ben was a co-founder of Fenway Strategies, a communications advisory firm, and used to work in various roles for former President Clinton, one of them being the ONE Campaign. Additionally, he used to be a board member for Soho House & Co. He has a Bachelor's Degree in Psychology from Cornell University.
Reason: Ben would be necessary to understand the behavior and reactions of our consumers by creating a communication system with our company. Also, could create advertisements for our company that can convince people to use it and how it works since he was one of the co-founders of Fenway Strategies, an organization that helps people with delivering messages the right way(book writing, message development, speechwriting,  content writing).

4. Just like how it was stated in the previous OKR methods, in order to maximize worker confidence and user experience, we can easily engage and test our OKR for the working experience, we can introduce a method in which we send a feedback request to our employees at FriendZoned annually, in which it will be mandated to fill out. It will give us the information needed that can be used to improve our company, thus giving better results.
	For the consumer side, users of the app can receive a catalog from FriendZoned that is delivered to their inbox. testing goods, costs, or even the paper's weight. Credit card offers and charitable appeals are frequently included in marketing tests. Tens of thousands of people can receive the tests each year to help the business acquire more clients, increase their lifetime value, and even get rid of unprofitable ones.


Item 1 : Business Plan (minimum 500 words)
A. Company Name of Ficticious Company (make it a name you would like --treat this like a real startup). Remember this must be a tech company.
B. Long-Term Vision Statement -
what are the goals?
where did your idea come from ( a class, a job, a need)?
what is the purpose, values and mission? List 2 or 3 key questions that will guide the startup's choices. These should be essential questions that serve as touchstones to direct your companies efforts. For instance, how can the startup have impact? What engages our passions?
 
C. External opportunites that exist -
here are some ideas you may consider:
Opportunities like co-marketing (i.e. how your new headphones work great with nike shoes for a great workout)
funding opportunities you found (through government, VCs, Angel investors,etc), 
co-development possibilities with other companies  (maybe you can make a nike version of your headphones)
special conferences, trade meetings where you could present your product/service
give aways, hackathons, promotional deals, etc.
Give REAL ideas not fake ones.   Mention real companies and provide links to their homepage.   For venture capital (VC) give websites and discuss why THAT VC would be interested in YOUR startup (they specialize in human computing and your headphones would fit the profile of there past investments),  Special conferences & how they fit with YOUR product/service and give URL
 
D. Teams - Give a picture and a biography for each person in the leadership of your company (which are your groupmates) and discuss their strengths as it i relates to the formation of this startup tech company. Read this for more detailed discussion and example.
E. Strategy: for next 3 to 5 years. In addition, please share at least one case studyu of the closest potential competitor and what you learned from it in terms of maximizing the startups potential for the future.
key milestones/checkpoints described by OKRs (read here about OKRS w/ Examples) as it relates to the tech product/service your company will offer.
how to measure success metrics/measurables on your OKRs for your company. Read here about OKRs and Examples -- note Later in Item 4 you will describe experiements you will create to measure the success of your OKRs
how to differentiate from other companies in the field?
:
F. Slogan - summary in 6 words or less the company's goals/objectives (here are some I have used for different research projects/labs: brining mobility to the low vision, human-centric vision solving real problems).
Item 2 : Cultural Policy (minimum 150 words)
A. Core Values - Give core values of company answering questions: How do you want to be thought off? What are the details of the core values of the company?
B. Motivation - Give an understanding of the desired company culture by answering: What do you love? What do you fear?
C. Summary: summary in 6 words or less the company's culture
Example of Goggles Cultural Summary:



Openness
Innovation
Excellence that comes with smartness
Hands-on approach
Small-company-family rapport
Item 3 : Ethics Policy (minimum 500 words)
Core Items - Enumerate the core items in your ethics policy and give details of each policy item and its meaning.
Board - List 3 real people (maybe tech leaders) that you want on your board, a brief bio AND why you choose them for the board.
TIPS on Ethics Policies
Look at examples like Google Ethics policy (found here or search)
 
Consider the following ideas from AI NOW report 2018:
Expanding AI fairness byeond a focus on mathematics and statistical fairness toward issues of justice
Accounting fo rthe many forms of labor required to create and maintain AI systems
Committing to deeper interdisiplinarity in AI
Analyzing race, gender and power in AI
Developing new policy interventions and strategic litigation
Building coalitions between researchers, civil society, and organizers within the technology sector
 


 
Item 4 : Experimentation & Priorities
A. Experimentation (to test OKRs of Strategy) - restate your Strategy from the Business Proposal in terms of a series of experiments that the company will perform to test ideas.EXPRESS in DETAIL how you can cheaply create prototype (does not have to be functional...think outside box) to use in your experiments. Tell what TOOLS can you use to create your experiments. Tell how can you involve potential customers in your experiments. These Experiments will implement the measurables to see if you are successfully achieving your goals (OKRs)
B. Priorities- Give which experiment/hypothesis you will test first --as it is a high priority



